This is Anne-Sophie Fratzscher's GitHub repository for Assignments B1 and B2 for STAT545B Exploratory Data Analysis - DATA ANALYSIS II (Fall 2021).

This repository stores the Md/Rmd files used for this assignment.

The programming language used is R.

## Introduction
This repository holds the files for Assignments B1 and B2.

The goals of the assignments are described below:
1. Assignment B1
    - Learn how to create a function in R
    - Document a function using [roxygen2 tags](https://roxygen2.r-lib.org/articles/rd-formatting.html)
    - Test a function using the `expect_()` function from the `testthat` package
2. Assignment B2
    - Wrap a function in an R package

In both assignments, we use the `cancer_sample` dataset. A description can be found on the [UBC-MDS datateacher page](https://rdrr.io/github/UBC-MDS/datateachr/man/cancer_sample.html).
 
## Content Description:
All files for the assignments can be found in this folder. A description of the files is provided below: 
* `README.md`: this file, contains information about the contents of this folder.
* `assignment_b1.Rmd`: the original Rmd file containing assignment B1
* `assignment_b1.md`: the knitted version of the Rmd file for assignment B1

## Interacting with Repository
**Viewing Code:** to view the the code and ouput for an assignment, click on the `.md` file to view in your browser. These `.md` files were generated by knitting the corresponding `.Rmd` files. 

**Running Code:** to run the code, clone the repository. Then, use RStudio or JupyterLab to open the `.Rmd` file and run the code. All files can be run separately.

## Milestone Deadlines:
- [x] [Assignment B1](https://stat545.stat.ubc.ca/assignments/assignment-b1/): Due **Tuesday, November 2, 2021 at 22:00 PT**.
- [ ] [Assignment B2](https://stat545.stat.ubc.ca/assignments/assignment-b2/): Due **Saturday, November 20, 2021 at 22:00 PT**.
